ChangeLog (2015-02-19)
======================

_Version 0.20 of Narvalo.Core & Narvalo.Common_

### Highlights
- New currency types.

### Bugfixes
- In non-retail mode, when resolving project references, we should not include
  the prerelease label; otherwise, later on, nuget won't be able to resolve the
  dependency.
- NuGet.Server require `runAllManagedModulesForAllRequests` to be true, otherwise
  API calls will fail.
- Only enable white-box tests in `PresenterTypeResolverFacts` when internals
  are visible.
- In Prose, replaced references to NuGet packages of Narvalo.Core
  & Narvalo.Common by simple project references of the same
  assemblies. Before that, tests run from MSBuild command-line might fail
  for obscure reasons. Worst, they might as well succeed even if nothing had
  changed. In fact, it truly depended on the order of builds decided by MSBuild
  at that time; parallel build in action. The problem was that Prose carried
  its own versions of Narvalo.Core and Narvalo.Common, albeit the NuGet ones,
  and, when built, it overrided the freshly compiled versions of the same
  assemblies. Followed version and API missmatchs. The bottom line is to never
  again add references to one of our NuGet packages or be sure not to include
  the project in any MSBuild project.
- Building test and sample projects raised a warning for
  an unknown semantic version. We just needed to check the context. Also
  removed the creation of a fake version when the version was not complete.
- Using the same property (SolutionFile) for NuGet
  packages restore and for the selection of a custom solution to build
  made it easy to break the build system. In Make.proj, if we imported
  Make.Common.props before defining the ProjectsToBuild property, the path
  of SolutionFile would be absolute but Make.proj expects it to be relative.
  We simply replaced the SolutionFile property used by Make.proj by CustomSolution.

### Enhancements
- Do not change the content of the NuGet package depending on the configuration:
  always add the CC reference assembly and the assembly documentation.
- Unless explicitely requested, always build the Code
  Contracts reference assembly and the assembly documentation.

### Improvements
- Do not set VisualStudioVersion when building inside Visual Studio...
- Changed the way we override properties for sample and test projects. We no
  longer use extensions to Narvalo.Common.props but rather use the new facility
  offered by $(AssemblyName).props.
- Using a MSBuild response file, allowed to try out the build system without
  actually committing your personal settings.
- Made sure a build fails if a custom import does not exist. Moved the content
  of Narvalo.CustomBefore.props & Narvalo.CustomBefore.targets to CustomAfter
  props & targets and removed them.
- Cleaner separation between optional properties and
  other properties. Move the PEVerify & SecAnnotate targets from Make.Common
  to Narvalo.Custom. This makes possible to generate individual reports per
  assemblies.
- Entirely removed from Make.Common.props &
  Make.Common.targets the `Lean` property which did not bring anything. It was
  supposed to help mimicking a Visual Studio build but MSBuild can just do it.
- Only define the `CODE_ANALYSIS` symbol if Code Analysis is requested.
- Only display MSBuild warnings for local CA or SA
  overrides when CA or SA is actually requested.
- Upgraded NSubstitute to v1.8.1.
- Fully documented the PSake script file. It is now
  possible to specify the MSBuild verbosity level from the command-line.
  In Make.Foundations.proj, added the ability to select a subset of the list
  of projects to build.
- In the CreateAssemblyVersionFile target, instead of
  hardcoding the path to the directory to be created, use the parent directory
  of AssemblyVersionFile.
- Cleaned up Make.CustomAfter.props and Make.CustomAfter.targets
- Replaced all initial targets used to signal temporary overridden settings
  by a target automatically run before a Build.
- Moved properties relevant to the Code
  Contracts reference assembly to {AssemblyName}.props. Along the way we
  disabled the creation of a CC reference library when working inside Visual
  Studio. This should grealty reduce the build time in Release configuration.
- Added missing {AssemblyName}.Version.props.
- Use the BuildingInsideVisualStudio property
  to only enable some properties when not running inside Visual Studio.
- Created a Make.Public.proj that replaces the SkipPrivateProjects option
  from Make.proj. Moved Make.proj to the tools directory.
- Retired the custom CA ruleset for Samples.
- Moved the DummyGeneratedVersion property to Make.CustomAfter.props. Now,
  inside Visual Studio, versioning for test and sample assemblies works exactly
  the same way as for the other assemblies.
- Using partial classes we artificially separate whitebox tests from blackbox tests.
- Moved IssueAttribute.cs and IssueSeverity.cs to a shared directory then added
  them as linked files to test projects.
- Much needed rewriting of ChangeLog.md and Issues.md.
