ChangeLog (2016-11-04)
======================

_Version 0.24 of Narvalo.Core, Narvalo.Common & Narvalo.Web_

## Highlights
- Focus on API and code quality for Narvalo.Web.
- Better test coverage for Narvalo.Core & Narvalo.Web.

## Bugfixes
- At start of `Require.InRange()`, we did not validate the range before using it.
- Fixed uncorrect and inefficient initialization of `AssetManager`.

## Breaking Changes
- Moved all money-related classes to the newly created Narvalo.Finance namespace.
- Moved the `IsMetaCurrency` property from `CurrencyInfo` to `Currency`.
- Renamed the Narvalo.Fx.Extensions namespace to Narvalo.Fx.Advanced.
- Merged Narvalo.Web.UI.Assets with Narvalo.Web.UI.
- Renamed `UriExtensions.ToProtocolLessString()` to `UriExtensions.ToProtocolRelativeString()`.
  Protocol-relative URL appears to be the accepted name, not protocol-less URL.
- `HttpHandlerBase.AcceptedVerbs` is now public.
  `HttpHandlerBase.IsReusable` and `HttpHandlerBase.TrySkipIisCustomErrors` are
   no longer virtual.
- Refactored the asset providers in an attempt to make them more robust and configurable.
- Refactored the HTML helpers into "purely" static methods.
- Renamed "unsafe" methods to "unchecked" methods.
- Renamed `Predicate` to `Predicates`.

## API Changes
- New helpers for parameter validation or Code Contracts:
  `Acknowledge`, `Check` and `ValidatedNotNull`.
- Rollback on `Require` methods not throwing an `ArgumentNullException`. Throwing a more specific
  exception is certainly better.
- For `Require` and `Enforce`, throw an `ArgumentException` if the specified range is invalid.

## Enhancements
- Added localized resources for the french language.
- Applied the `SecurityTransparent` attribute to Narvalo.Core.
- Use the new `Format.Resource()` instead of `Format.CurrentCulture()` for resource formatting.
- Improved the error messages. Whenever it is possible, we give an hint on how to fix the problem.
- In `StringManip`, use direct concatenation instead of `String.Format()`.
- Use "en" instead of "en-US" as the default resource language.
- Added more tests.
