ChangeLog (2016-12-03)
======================

Package                   | Version
--------------------------|---------
Narvalo.Cerbere           | 2.0.0
Narvalo.Common            | 0.25.0
Narvalo.Core              | 0.25.0
Narvalo.Finance           | 0.25.0
Narvalo.Fx                | 0.25.0
Narvalo.Mvp               | 1.0.0
Narvalo.Mvp.Web           | 1.0.0
Narvalo.Web               | 0.25.0

### Highlights
- New major (and incompatible) release of Narvalo.Cerbere with hopefully a better
  and simpler API.
- First stable versions of Narvalo.Mvp and Narvalo.Mvp.Web fully verified
  with the Code Contracts tools.

### Breaking changes

#### Narvalo.Cerbere
- The library has been largely rewritten and simplified.

#### Narvalo.Mvp
- `MvpBootstrapper.Run()` becomes `MvpBootstrapper.InitializePlatform()`.
- `ConventionBasedPresenterDiscoveryStrategy` becomes `PresenterDiscoveryStrategy`.
- `AttributeBasedPresenterDiscoveryStrategy` becomes `AttributedPresenterDiscoveryStrategy`.
- `DefaultConventionBasedPresenterDiscoveryStrategy` becomes `DefaultPresenterDiscoveryStrategy`.
- `MvpCommand.Init()` is no longer available; use the `OnLoad()` event instead.

#### Narvalo.Mvp.Web
- `AspNetConventionBasedPresenterDiscoveryStrategy` becomes `AspNetPresenterDiscoveryStrategy`.

### Enhancements
- NuGet: Added support for .NET Standard wherever it is possible and
  automatically add required GAC assemblies upon installation.
- The Narvalo.Mvp package ships now with a Code Contracts library.
- The Narvalo.Mvp.Web package ships now with a Code Contracts library.

### Improvements
- Micro-optimization for `Int64Encoder.Encode()`.
- Narvalo.Mvp fully verified with the Code Contracts tool.
- Narvalo.Mvp.Web fully verified with the Code Contracts tool.
